meeting minutes 4/6/2017

update
	michael and ruth: done everything they can until the frame is implemented in the program
	Nick and Lance: deciding how to implement the frame, either hundreds of widgets
	Jocelyn and Joey: finished saving function and almost done with loading function

we decided to use a QList for timestamps and a seperate QList of QStrings to keep track of the pixels and timestamps

canvas is x3 the size of the frame size (in x and y)

we decided to make an online logbook to log when we work on anything
we also decided to stop individually printing meeting minutes and other appendix items, and instead print them out and include them with our design specs

Next meeting: Monday @ 3:30
	finish your part and we will get everything ready to turn in